Iss2990 menutoggle (#8500)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/MenuToggle/examples/MenuToggle.md

```

### With icons

> Add recognizable icons to a menu toggle using the `icon` property.

Author: I went for something slightly different in my most recent push. Are there other common reasons to pass an image in, or do avatars cover the majority of cases? Mostly wondering if it could make sense to change the title to "With images" or if it's more useful to stick with the current title

<React.Fragment>
  <MenuToggle icon={<Avatar src={imgAvatar} alt="avatar" />}>Ned Username</MenuToggle>{' '}
  <MenuToggle icon={<Avatar src={imgAvatar} alt="avatar" />} isExpanded>Ned Username</MenuToggle>{' '}
  <MenuToggle icon={<Avatar src={imgAvatar} alt="avatar" />} isDisabled>Ned Username</MenuToggle>
</React.Fragment>
```

### Variant styles

Variant styling can be applied to menu toggles. In the following example, the toggle uses primary styling by passing `variant="primary"` into the `<MenuToggle>` component. Additional variant options include “default”, “plain”, “plainText”, “secondary”, and “typeahead”.

```ts
import React from 'react';
import { MenuToggle } from '@patternfly/react-core';
import CogIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/cog-icon';

<React.Fragment>
  <MenuToggle variant="primary">Collapsed</MenuToggle>{' '}
  <MenuToggle variant="primary" icon={<CogIcon />}>
    Icon
  </MenuToggle>{' '}
  <MenuToggle variant="primary" isExpanded>
    Expanded
  </MenuToggle>{' '}
  <MenuToggle variant="primary" isDisabled>
    Disabled
  </MenuToggle>
</React.Fragment>

```

### Plain toggle with icon

> To apply plain styling to a menu toggle, pass in `variant="plain"`. You may pass in an `icon` to serve at the menu toggle. The following example passes in an `<EllipsisVIcon />` icon. 
> 
> To include an aria label, use the `aria-label` property. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply plain styling to a menu toggle, pass in `variant="plain"`. This will remove the default bottom border and caret. You may pass in an `icon` to serve as the menu toggle. The following example passes in an `<EllipsisVIcon />` icon. 

If the toggle does not have any visible text content, use the `aria-label` property to provide an accessible name. 
```
Just a small tweak to the description to note what `plain` does (though since you mention what `plainText` does below it may be redundant). Depending on whether the intention is for `plain` to only be used for toggles with an icon only, it may be worth mentioning that as well ("To apply plain styling to a menu toggle that only contains an icon...") cc @mcarrano

</React.Fragment>
```

### Split button toggle with checkbox

To add an action button or other control to a menu toggle, use a split button. A `<MenuToggle>` can be rendered as a split button by adding a `splitButtonOptions` object. Elements to be displayed before the toggle button must be included in the `items` property of `splitButtonOptions`.

The following example shows a split button with a <MenuToggleCheckbox>.

```ts file='MenuToggleSplitButtonCheckbox.tsx'
```

### Split button toggle with text label
    

> To display text in a menu toggle, add a label to the `items` property of `splitButtonOptions`.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display text in a split button menu toggle, add a label to the `items` property of `splitButtonOptions`.     
```

```ts file='MenuToggleSplitButtonCheckboxWithText.tsx'
```

### Split button toggle with variant styling 

> Variant styling can be applied to split button toggles to adjust their appearance for different scenarios. The following example applies “primary” styling to the toggles shown.

Reviewer: It'd be worth mentioning that primary and secondary variants can be used with split button toggles.
